{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\b About}

{\b Needle} is my first ever coding project. It’s a simple, customizable command-line shell designed to execute a handful of essential system commands. {\b Needle} is specifically built for Arch Linux, offering a streamlined way to interact with your system using commands like `ls`, `pwd`, `pacman`, `mkdir`, and `cd`.

{\b Commands:}
\par - {\b help}: Display command list.
\par - {\b ls}: List directory contents.
\par - {\b pwd}: Print the current working directory.
\par - {\b pacman}: Manage packages using the Arch Linux package manager.
\par - {\b mkdir}: Create new directories.
\par - {\b cd}: Change the current directory.
\par - {\b exit}: Exit the {\b Needle} shell.
\par - {\b cat}: Read or write to folders.
\par - {\b randomnum}: Random number generator.
\par - {\b checksum}: Generate a checksum.

{\i Note: This shell is intended for use on Arch Linux systems only.}

\par
{\b Installation}

\par To get {\b Needle} up and running on your Arch Linux system, follow these simple steps:

\par 1. {\b Install Ruby}: Ensure Ruby is installed on your system. Ruby is the programming language {\b Needle} is written in. If Ruby is not already installed, you can download it from the official Ruby website [here](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/).

\par 2. {\b Download Needle}: [Download](https://github.com/DayreaverDoesThings/Needle-Shell/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) the {\b Needle Shell} zip file. This zip file contains all the necessary files to run Needle.

\par 3. {\b Extract the Zip File}: Once the download is complete, extract the contents of the zip file to a directory of your choice. This will be the directory where you’ll run {\b Needle}.

\par 4. {\b Run the Install Script}:
\par \tab - Open your terminal application.
\par \tab - Use the `cd` command to navigate to the directory where you extracted {\b Needle}.
\par \tab - Use the `cd` command to go to the scripts/ directory.
\par \tab - Run the installation script by executing:
\par \tab \tab ```bash
\par \tab \tab ./install.sh
\par \tab \tab ```

\par After this, you will see the {\b Needle} prompt, and you can start entering commands.

{\b Needle} is open source and highly customizable. Feel free to modify the code, add new commands, or make any changes to suit your needs!
}
